[PowerToys] Shortcut Guide V2 docs (#5717)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-uwp: hub/powertoys/index.md

    :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::

### Shortcut Guide V2

:::row:::
    :::column:::
        [![A screenshot of the Shortcut Guide PowerToys utility for Windows.](../images/pt-shortcut-guide.png)](shortcut-guide.md)
    :::column-end:::
    :::column span="2":::

>         [Shgortcut Guiide](shortcut-guide.md) appears when you press <kbd>⊞ Win</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>/</kbd> (or as we like to think, <kbd>⊞ Win</kbd>+<kbd>?</kbd>) (On US Keyboards) and shows the available shortcuts for the current state of the desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        [Shortcut Guide](shortcut-guide.md) appears when you press <kbd>⊞ Win</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>/</kbd> (or as we like to think, <kbd>⊞ Win</kbd>+<kbd>?</kbd>) (on U.S. Keyboards) and shows the available shortcuts for the current state of the desktop.
```
